[DOC RayAIR] Minor tweaks to the why ray air for clarity (#26680)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-air/getting-started.rst

Why Ray AIR?
------------

> Today, there are myriad machine learning frameworks, platforms, and tools. Why would you elect Ray AIR and what makes it different? Ray AIR provides three 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, there are a myriad of machine learning frameworks, platforms, and tools. Why would you choose Ray AIR and what makes it different? Ray AIR provides three 
```
